1. According to the Scrum Guide, the Product Backlog should be:


Ordered and transparent
Prioritized and transparent
Order and final
Prioritized and final


The development team selected far too many Product Backlog items for the Sprint, and only 50% of them will be completed before the Sprint Review. The poor planning has put the Sprint Goal at risk.

2. How should the Product Owner respond.

Cancel the Sprint and begin a new Sprint Planning session.
Work with the Scrum Team to adjust the Sprint Goal
Renegotiate the selected Sprint Backlog items with the developers
Have the Scrum Master extend the Sprint so the planned work can be completed

3. The product delivered by the Scrum Team is failing to meet performance and security expectations.

How can the Product Owner help non-functional requirements to gain visibility throughout the Sprint.

Make performance and security part of the Sprint Goal
Make performance and security part of the Product Goal
Make performance and security part of the Definition of Done
Outsource performance and security to a third party

4. True or False: Dependencies between parts of the product that needs to be built should be taken into account when ordering the Product Backlog


5. What is the time-box for the Sprint Planning meeting?

15 minutes
8 hours
4 hours
3 hours

6. Which of the following should be agreed upon before the first Sprint Planning meeting ends?

The Definition of Ready
The Definition of Done
The Definition of Agile
The Definition of Scrum

7. The Product Backlog should be ordered according to which of the following?

The priority the Product Owner has assigned to items
The risk associated with its development and integration
The dependencies it has on other parts of the product being built
All of the above

8. According to the Scrum Guide, which of the following are valid activities for the Product Owner to perform during the Sprint?

Writing out Product Backlog items as clearly defined user stories
Assinging points to Product Backlog items in JIRA
Having a work-buddy order the Product Backlog
Estimating the time it will take to complete Product Backlog items

9. If the developers have issues with the Definition of Done, when should they discuss it with the Product Owner?

During the Daily Scrum
During the Sprint Review
During Sprint Planning
During the Sprint Retrospective

10. Which of the following can be added to the Sprint backlog of the next Sprint 

The Sprint Goal is the Sprint Goal was not achieved
Unfinished items in the Sprint Backlog
Process improvement suggested during the Sprint Retrospective
Nothing in the Sprint backlog is carried over from one Sprint to the next

















